So here is a very short lecture
about Shield Advanced because you can get
CloudWatch metrics out of it
and they're going to help you figure out,
if there is a DDoS attack happening right now
on your infrastructure.
So there is a metric called DDoSDetected
which indicates whether there's a DDoS event happening
for a specific resource.
There is a DDoSAttackBitsPerSecond, which gives you
the number of bits attacking a specific resource.
There is the DDoSAttackPacketsPerSecond
which gives you the number of packets
being sent for a specific resource.
And then the DDoSAttackRequestsPerSecond,
which gives you an idea of how many requests
are happening on a specific resource.
And all these things combined is, basically,
allowing you to understand what is happening
and how the attack is being conducted.
All right, that's it, short lecture I promised,
but I hope you liked it
and I will see you in the next lecture.